# Quiz Chapter 27

1. **How are classes related to modules?**
    Classes are always nested inside a module; they are attributes of a module object. They are both namespaces, but classes correspond to statements (not entire files) and support the OOP notions of multiple instances, inheritance, and operator overloading (modules do not). In a sense, a module is like a single instance class, without inheritance, which corresponds to an entire file of code.

2. **How are instances and classes created?**
    Classes are created by running `class` statements; instances are made by calling a class as though it were a function.

3. **Where and how are class attributes created?**
    Class attributes are created by assigning attributes to a class object. They are normally generated by top-level assignments nested in a `class` statement—each name assigned in the `class` statement block becomes an attribute of the class object. Class attributes can also be created, though; by assigning attributes to the class anywhere a reference to the class object exists—even outside the class statement.

4. **Where and how are instance attributes created?**
    Instance attributes are created by assigning attributed to an instance object. They are normally crated within a class's method function coded inside the `class` statement, by assigning attributes to the `self` argument. Again, though; they may be created by assignment anywhere a reference to the instance appears, even outside the `class` statement. Normally, all instance attributes are initialized in the `__init__` constructor method; that way, later method calls can assume the attribute already exists.

5. **What does self mean in a Python class?**
    `self` is the name commonly given to the first (leftmost) argument in a class's method function; Python automatically fills it in with the instance object that is the implied subject of the method call. This argument need not be called `self`; its position is what is significant.

6. **How is operator overloading coded in a Python class?**
    Operator overloading is coded in Python class with specially named methods; they all begin and end with double underscores to make them unique. These are not built-in or reserved names; Python just runs them automatically when an instance appears in the corresponding operation. Python itself defines the mappings from operations to special method names.

7. **When might you want to support operator overloading in your classes?**
    Operator overloading is useful to implement objects that resemble built-in types (e.g., sequences or numeric objects such as matrices), and to mimic the built-in type interface expected by a piece of code. Mimicking built-in type interfaces enables you to pass in class instances that also have state information (i.e., attributes that remember data between operation calls). You shouldn't use operator overloading when a simple named method still suffices, though.

8. **Which operator overloading method is most commonly used?**
    The `__init__` constructor method is the most commonly used; almost every class uses this method to set initial values for instance attributes and perform other startup tasks.

9. **What are two key concepts required to understand Python OOP code?**
    The special `self` argument in method functions and the `__init__` constructor method are the two cornerstones of OOP code in Python; if you get these, you should be able to read the text of most OOP Python code—apart from these, it's largely just packages of functions. The inheritance search matters too, of course, but `self` represents the automatic object argument, and `__init__` is widespread.
