# Quiz Chapter 03

1. **How can you start an interactive interpreter session?**
    You can start clicking the Python entry at All Programs option in your Windows OS and selecting The "Python (command line)". You can also achieve the same effect on Windows and other platforms by typing `python` as a system command line in your system's console window.

2. **Where do you type a system command line to launch a script file?**
    In whatever console that your platform provides: a Command Prompt on Windows; a xterm or terminal window on Unix, Linux, and Mac OS X; and so on.

3. **Name four or more ways to run the code saved in a script file.**
    It can be run with system command lines, file icon cliks, import and reload, the exec built-in function, and IDE GUI selections.

4. **Name two pitfalls related to clicking file icons on Windows.**
    Scripts that print and then exit cause the output file to disappear immediately, before you be able to view the output; error messages generated by your script also appear in an output window that closes before you can examine its contents.

5. **Why might you need to reload a module?**
    Python imports a module only once per process, by default, so if you've changed its code and want to run the current version without stopping and restating Python, you'll need to reload it.

6. **How do you run a script from within IDLE?**
    Select the window's Run → Run Module menu option.

7. **Name two pitfalls related to using IDLE.**
    IDLE can still be hung by some types of programs, especially GUI programs that perform multithreading. IDLE has some usability features that can burn you once you leave the IDLE GUI.

8. **What is a namespace, and how does it relate to module files?**
    A namespace is just a package of variables, takes the form of an object with attributes  in Python, each module file is automatically a namespace, that is, a package of variables reflecting the assignments made at the top level of the file. It helps to avoid name collisions in Python programs, because each module is a self-contained namespace.
